# Terms and Conditions
## This document is a draft and is not legally binding

## 1. Provider
### Provider
LuzFaltex

### CEO
Devin Duanne (Foxtrek_64)

## 2. Definitions
1. **Customers**: Consumers and Entremreneurs who buy Software Products, Adjustments thereto, and Services from LuzFaltex.
2. **Consumer**: every natural person who enters into a legal transaction for a purpose that is outsid his or her trade, business, or profession.
3. **Entrepreneur**: natural or legal person or partnership with legal responsibility who or which, when entering into a legal transaction, acts in exercise of his or its trade, business, or profession.
4. **Terms and Conditions**: These Terms and Conditions
5. **Customer Account**: access authorization to LuzFaltex's limited access Customer Administration system, through which the Customer may acquire Software Products or Services subject to a charge.
6. **Software Products**: means LuzFaltex&reg; Upsilon&reg;, including any updates, extensions, plug-ins, and styles for LuzFaltex&reg; Upsilon&reg; developed by LuzFaltex and which are owned or licensed by LuzFaltex.
7. **Adjustments**: means amendments to Software Products made upon the Customer's request.
8. **Services**: means LuzFaltex-provided installations of Software Products, installation of updates, database backups, and support.
9. **Third Party Software**: means operational systems, applications, or any other software of a third party.

## 3. Scope of these Terms and Conditions, Subject of the Contract
1. These Terms and Conditions apply to any business relationship between LuzFaltex and the Customer as well as to statements or advertisements given or issued in this respect, whether aural, written, or via internet.
2. These Terms and Conditions govern the acquisition of Software Products to be downloaded, Adjustments thereto, and Services of LuzFaltex.
3. If not otherwise expressly agreed in written, signed amendment to this document, other deviating general terms and conditions do not apply.

## 4. Statements regarding Product Characteristics
By making statements regarding product characteristics or performance data or by providing any information related to Software Products, LuzFaltex gives no representation of warranty as to the characteristics of the Software Products.

## 5. Customer Account
1. In order for LuzFaltex to fulfill its contractual obligations and for the Customer to be able to receive Software Products, Adjustments thereto, or Services, LuzFaltex provides the Customer with a personal Customer Account for an unlimited period of time. Registration for the personal Customer Account is free of charge. The Customer may download the Software purchased from LuzFaltex through the personal Customer Account. This requires registration, by providing the necessary personal data of the customer (surname, name, company name, address, postal index, city/village, country, e-mail-address). Every Customer can open only one Customer Account in his own name with LuzFaltex. An e-mail-address which is already assigned to a specific Customer Account may not be used for a different Customer Account. A once-used e-mail address may also remain blocked for a new registration for an unlimited period of time even after deletion of the Customer Account. Customers are required to provide correct and complete data and are required to inform LuzFaltex of any changes in the provided personal data. After the creation of a Customer Account, the Customer may purchase Software Products, Adjustments thereto, and Services from Woltlab.
2. The access data chosen by the Customer for registration (username, password) are to be kept confidential and should be protected from unauthorized access by third parties. Customers have to inform LuzFaltex immediately if they have reasons to believe that their Customer Account has been compromised or subject to misuse. Any person who knows the username and password will, inter alia, be able to use the Software acquired by the Customer and the features of the Customer's Account. If the Customer learns that the user name or password has become available to a third party or if there is suspicion of improper use, the Customer has to change the password immediately. If this is not possible, the Customer has to inform LuzFaltex immediately. In this case, LuzFaltex will block the Customer Account.
3. The Customer Account may be terminated at any time without reasion. The termination must be declared in written (letter, fax). A termination of the Customer Account by e-mail is not accepted. The Customer Account will not be accessible after two (2) weeks following the receipt of the termination notice. Security backups or other data, if any, can not be accessed after this date. WoltLab will delete all data only once these data are not required anymore for the performance of the contract. In case of termination, the Customer should make sure to have a security backup of the Software.
4. LuzFaltex reserves the right to terminate or shut down the Customer Account for good cause. A good cause is in particular considered to apply in case of infringement of copyrights or any other actions in breach of the rights of use granted by the agreement with the Customer. LuzFaltex further reserves the right to shut down or delete unused Customer Accounts, provided an e-mail notice of the intended shut down has been beforehand.
5. Customers are liable for any activities carried out through their Customer Account. This does not apply if the Customers have observed their duty of care.

## 6. Prices, Payment Conditions
1. The price to be paid by the Customer for Software Products, Adjustments thereto, and/or Services of LuzFaltex is indicated in the order confirmation and/or in the invoice of LuzFaltex. If not agreed otherwise, payments will have to be made in advance or by credit card. Any and all bank or other charges incurred as a result of any monetary transfer or currency conversion will be the sole responsibility of the Customer. In case of a payment delay, LuzFaltex reserves a retention right for Software Products and/or Services until the full invoiced amount has been paid. LuzFaltex also reserves the right to claim default interest and to claim the reimbursement of damages incurred in the payment delay.
2. All indicated prices are including sales tax. Without a reminder, Customers are in default if they do not pay the invoiced amount within 30 days after the invoice has been issued (see invoice date).
3. LuzFaltex retains title and right to the Software Products and Adjustments thereto until full payment of the invoiced amount. In case of default payment, LuzFaltex may rescind from the agreement, may prohibit the Customer to use the Software Product, and may demand from the Customer to return all copies, or if this is not possible, to delete such copies. In case that before payment of the full invoiced amount a third party tries to take possession of Software Products or Adjustments thereto, to which LuzFaltex has retained the right and title, Customers are obligated to inform this third party about the retention of right and title by LuzFaltex. In addition, Customers must inform LuzFaltex immediately in written of such action of a third party.

## 7. Process of Entering into an Agreement
1. All product information given on LuzFaltex's website is without engagement. In particular, the presentation in LuzFaltex's online shop of Software Products, Adjustments thereto, and Services does not constitute a legally binding offer. Rather, this is only a request to make an offer (order). Errors excepted.
2. If Customers want to purchase Software Products of LuzFaltex including relates Services in the online shop, they should select the desired product in the purchasing routine on LuzFaltex's website and then click the button "Add selected products to shopping cart". By clicking the red button "Remove Product", Customers may at any time remove products from the basket. The order is always shown in the order review ("Receipt"). If all information is true and complete, Customers should click on the button "Proceed to checkout". Customers may at any time return to the order page to make corrections to the order information.
3. Customers may only effect a binding order to purchase Software Products and/or Services from LuzFaltex if the Customer is logged in to his personal Customer ACcount. If Customers at this moment have not yet created a personal Customer Account, they will be requested to do so. Before sending a bidning order to LuzFaltex, Customers will be presented a summary of their oder. The order process may be disrupted at any time. Customers may also return to a previous page or amend the order. By clicking the button "Purchase", the Customer will effect a binding order.
4. By clicking the button "save", the binding order together with these General Terms and Conditions and the license terms of LuzFaltex may be saved as a document on a data carrier of the Customer's choice. By clicking the "print" button, Customers may print out the binding order together with the aforementioned Terms and Conditions.
5. LuzFaltex collects and uses personal data stored in the Customer Account solely to the extent necessary to fulfill its contractual obligations. In particular, LuzFaltex to the extent necessary for payment, transfers data to the mentioned financial institution. For other uses of personal information, see part 15 of these Terms and Conditions.
6. If LuzFaltex receives a binding order, it will confirm this order immediately. If not agreed otherwise, the contract regarding the purchase of Software Products, Adjustments thereto, and Services is deemed to be concluded with delivery of the order confirmation. The order confirmation will be sent to the e-mail-address indicated in the Customer Account. The order confirmation again will mention all essential contractual provisions. Together with the order confirmation, Customers will also receive a copy of these Terms and Conditions including an instruction regarding the right for withdrawal as well as the license terms.
7. LuzFaltex will make offers for the Adjustment of Software Products and Services outside the order routine only in writing. If not indicated otherwise by LuzFaltex, offers are valid for a period of ten (10) days. After examination of the Customer's order, in order to enter into an agreement, LuzFaltex will send the Customer an order confirmation according to paragraph 6 above.

